US President Joe Biden is meeting with
the American negotiating team who've
been taking part in the Gaza ceasefire
talks he called the meeting after the
body of a US Israeli citizen was
recovered along with five others in
southern Gaza on Saturday President
Biden spoke to the media before going
into that meeting and uh so checking on
What's following up on what's happening
in Israel and then uh I'll be off to
Pittsburgh are you planning to present a
final hostage field to the uh both sides
this week we're very close to that what
makes you think that this deal will be
successful in a way that the other deals
were
not hope friends Eternal Mr President if
do you think it's time for prime
minister Netanyahu to do more on this
issue do you think he's doing enough no
Mr President what is your reaction to
the demonstrations across Israel what is
your reaction to the demonstrations I'm
going to get the detail when I walk into
I'll talk you after that okay last for
Pres give a message for the hostages
family sir yes I've spoken to the
American hostage I spoke to his mom and
dad and uh we're not giving up we're
going to continue to push as hard as we
can I speak to our White House
correspondent kimy haet so um uh Joe
Biden kimbley couldn't have been clearer
he doesn't think Netanyahu is doing
enough what do we anticipate from this
meeting yeah well in the absence of what
the US president sees as a lack of
effort by the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu the US leaders the US
President Joe Biden along with his vice
president kamla Harris and their
negotiating team are working in the
white house right now trying to uh
really put the fine details on what is
being called a take it or leave it type
proposal when this been negotiated
between the United States Qatar and also
Egypt one that will really try to push
the Israeli Prime Minister over the
Finish Line to close a deal with Hamas
to bring those Israeli captives back to
Israel in exchange for Palestinian
prisoners in Israeli jail so what we
know is this is really going to be an
effort to work along the highest levels
of government in a diplomatic push to
really get him to try and close this
deal now giy how important is it for
Biden and Harris to control the
narrative and to reach uh some something
that resembles a conclusion allall of
this ahead of the November election
then well for kamla Harris this is
critical because uh this is really
becoming an attack line for her uh
political opponents Republican and
former president Donald Trump uh you've
got to remember that kamla Harris as
vice president is tied to what the
American public perceives to be the
foreign policy blunders of Joe Biden
already he's being blamed and has been
attached to sort of a stain from the
chaotic Afghan withdrawal of which she
has tried to distance herself so if this
is also perceived to be a failure on the
part of the president and the fact that
kamla Harris has invested herself in
trying to reach a ceasefire deal with uh
and push for that with uh the Israeli
Prime Minister she is also going to be
blamed for that so uh she's working hard
but the bottom line is is even as
they've tried to uh Campa in
Pennsylvania this crisis is certainly uh
something that's going to overshadow
that campaign appearance all right
kimbery many thanks for that kimly hit
at the White
House make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler